Palestinians in Gaza seek safety in
their
homes but their homes are
bombed they take shelter in schools but
the schools are
bombed the wounded are taken to
hospitals in ambulances but the
ambulances and the hospitals are
bombed in Gaza
death is
everywhere so many bodies need burial
that they're transported on the top of
cars or in the
boot and people pray for that day's
victims in the streets
Allah this is one of Israel's latest
targets alacura School in the jabalia
refugee camp in Northern Gaza staff say
thousands of displaced families were
Sheltering here pools of Blood Stained
breakfast bread that was never
eaten the indiscriminate violence is
incomprehensible to grieving
survivors four people of our family were
killed and injured we have nothing to do
with anything related to Hamas movement
the room only contains children and
women some of the injured are treated at
the nearby Indonesian Hospital their
relatives wait
anxiously as our homes were shelled we
had nowhere to go by the UN school
buildings we thought the school could be
safer now no way is safe schools are
shelled by missiles there is no food or
water there is no electricity our
children are
starving but Gaza City's hospitals offer
no respite other Targets on Saturday
were the entrances to Al's
hospital and al- nassa Children's
Hospital bodies crumpled in the
streets Israeli troops have largely cut
off Gaza City from the south of the
strip yet again the military has issued
an evacuation order telling residents of
Northern Gaza to leave via the S Alin
Road for their own
safety but similar announcements in the
past have not resulted in a pause in
attacks nowhere in Gaza feels safe
nowhere in Gaza is safe Rory chalins Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from
aler